docs: Typography in Oryx (#1984)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/front-end-development/202212.0/oryx/styling/typography.md

### `rem` for Font Size

The `rem` unit, short for "root em" is relative to the root font size of the document. By defining the root font size all other font sizes specified using `rem` adapt proportionally.

For example, if the font size token of the `h1` is set to `1.571rem`, the font size will become `22px` if the root font-size is `14px` (`14px * 1.571`).

Using `rem` for font size provides several benefits:

1. Consistency: Font sizes scale consistently across elements, maintaining proportional typography.
2. Accessibility: Users can adjust the overall font size in their browser settings without affecting layout or readability.
3. Ease of Maintenance: Adjusting the root font size automatically cascades changes to all elements using `rem`, reducing manual adjustments.

### `em` for Line Height

The `em` unit, short for "element `em`," is relative to the font size of the current element. When specifying line heights using `em`, the value is multiplied by the font size to determine the final line height.

> For example, if the line height token of the `h1` is set to `1.364em`, the line height will become `30px` if the font size is `22px`. The font size can be driven by a `rem` unit, the browser will first calculate the rem value of the font size before calculating the line height.

Reviewer: Again, maybe let's simplify an example?

Author: I go with https://www.radix-ui.com/docs/colors/palette-composition/scales

Using `em` for line height offers the following advantages:

1. Proportional Line Heights: `em` adjusts line height proportionally to the font size, ensuring visually harmonious typography.
2. Vertical Rhythm: `em` helps maintain a consistent vertical rhythm, creating a visually cohesive design.
3. Flexible Adjustments: Modifying the font size of an element automatically adjusts its line height, facilitating quick and consistent changes.

## Headings

Html supports heading elements up to level 6 (`<h1>`, `<h2>`, `<h3>`, etc.). The headings play an important role in the structure of an html page. It is used by screen readers and crawlers to better understand the content and their coherence. Designers, however, have more tools than headings alone to a apply structure, using layout and alternative UI elements.

Oryx provides a number of heading and paragraph styles that are used in the design system and components:

- body
- small
- H1, H2, H3, H4, H5, H6
- subtitle
- subtitle-small
- bold
- caption

> Each style is configurable by design tokens, using the following variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each style of components and elements below is configurable by design tokens, using the following variables for h1 for example:
```

## Global font settings

Oryx is based on web components, using the shadow DOM. The shadow DOM doesn't leak out any styles outside a component and components don't inherit styles from ancestor elements. However, there are a few exceptions to this. Font face and size, line height and color are the few CSS properties that cascade down the shadow DOM. This lets you define those rules high up in the DOM tree.

Because of this, most design system components do not require specific typography, as they inherit those from ancestor elements. The basis typography configuration can therefore be provided in the root of the application. Oryx applications use the `<oryx-app>` component which provides this setup:

```css
:host {
  font-family: var(--oryx-typography-body-font);
  font-weight: var(--oryx-typography-body-weight);
  line-height: var(--oryx-typography-body-line);
}
```

The values are based on design tokens, which can be configured in a theme. Themes provide a mechanism to have screen size specific tokens, which enables the components to have different typography for small, medium, and large screens.

{% info_block infoBox "Reading tip" %}

> Setting the _root font size_ is an exception in Oryx. Oryx tries to not have any opinion about the root element, and only provides styles to the `oryx-app` component. However, the `rem` unit requires a setup of the root font-size in the web page. To ensure a configurable approach, Oryx uses the `ThemeMetaInitializer` to accomplish this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting the _root font size_ is an exception in Oryx. Oryx tries to not have any opinion about the root element, and only provides styles to the `oryx-app` component. However, the `rem` unit requires the root font-size to be set up in the web page. To ensure a configurable approach, Oryx uses the `ThemeMetaInitializer` to accomplish this.
```

3. Ease of Maintenance: adjusting the root font size automatically cascades changes to all elements using `rem`, reducing manual adjustments.

### `em` for line height

The `em` unit, short for *element em*, is relative to the font size of the current element. When line height is defined using `em`, to determine the final line height, the value is multiplied by the font size.

For example, if the line height token of an `h3` is set to `1.5em`, and the font size is `18px`, the calculated line height for the `h3` becomes `27px`: `1.5 * 18`. The font size can be driven by a `rem` unit, the browser calculates the rem value of the font size before calculating the line height.

Using `em` for line height offers the following advantages:

1. Proportional Line Heights: `em` adjusts line height proportionally to the font size, ensuring visually harmonious typography.
2. Vertical Rhythm: `em` helps maintain a consistent vertical rhythm, creating a visually cohesive design.
3. Flexible Adjustments: Modifying the font size of an element automatically adjusts its line height, facilitating quick and consistent changes.

## Headings

> HTML supports heading elements up to level 6: `<h1>`, `<h2>`, `<h3>`, etc. The headings play an important role in the structure of an HTML page. It is used by screen readers and crawlers to better understand the content and their coherence. Designers, however, have more tools than headings alone to a apply structure, using layout and alternative UI elements.

Reviewer 2: Something is amiss in the last sentence. Please double-check

These design tokens are pretty self-explanatory.

The headings get `margin: 0` to avoid any clashes in the component layout.

### Semantic HTML structure versus UI

The semantic usage of heading elements, like h1 or h2, is important on the web. Crawlers and screen readers use the structure to interpreted the content. This is important to navigate the content, especially for those with limited sight; screen readers guide them and allow to skip sections which are not of interest. Consequently, if the structure is not well formatted, for example, when `h3` is followed by an `h5`, it is considered a violation of accessibility best practices.

A valid structure, however, might conflict with the UI design. UI designers use the headings in combination with layout, which means that their options are more advanced compared to the structure only. UI designers tend to ignore the structure and favor layout options to emphasize sections of the page.

An example would be a two-column layout, where the content in both sections has the same visual weight. However, based on their position, the content on the left (in a left-to-right context) is automatically of more importance.

> To allow for a solution that can cope with both the right semantic structure and the visual design, heading elements might be styles with conflicting heading style rules. The following is an example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow for a solution that can cope with both the right semantic structure and the visual design, heading elements might be styled with conflicting heading style rules. The following is an example:
```
